# New Generation Data Models and DBMSs Project

This repository contains my solution to the project for the 2023 / April 2025 edition of the "New 
Generation Data Models and DBMSs" course in the Master's degree in Computer Science at UNIMI.

To better understand the work done, I recommend starting with the `Documentation` directory, where you will find all the documentation that explains and justifies the entire solution. Specifically, I suggest beginning with the `New Generation Data Models and DBMSs Project.pdf` file, which is the PDF report that explains the entire project. This report was generated automatically from the Jupyter notebook `New Generation Data Models and DBMSs Project.ipynb` (located in the same directory), which allows you to retrace and execute all the steps I took to complete the project without needing a local instance of the database. You would only need to install a few basic Python packages if they are not already installed.

**Note:** In the PDF report, some images are quite large due to the nature of their content, which may cause small details to be less visible at the default zoom level. I recommend zooming in on these images to view the finer details more clearly. Since all images, except one that is not problematic, are in SVG format, zooming in will not affect their quality.

At the same level as the `Documentation` directory, you will find the `Neo4j` directory, which contains executable Python scripts for all the code shown in the previously mentioned notebook. Additionally, the `Generated_DBs` folder contains the CSV files automatically generated by the Python scripts in the `GenerationScript` folder, which are intended to be imported into the database.